fix: Data Category Confusion (#536)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/rate-limiting.mdx

Each *quota_limit* has the form `retry_after:categories:scope:reason_code:...` with the following parameters:

- `retry_after`: Number of seconds (as an integer or a floating point number) until this rate limit expires.
- `categories`: Semicolon-separated list of [data categories](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/master/relay-common/src/constants.rs#L97-L115). **If empty, this limit applies to all categories**. 

>     While these categories might look similar to the [envelope item types](/sdk/envelopes/#data-model) be aware that they don't map 100% to these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    While these categories might look similar to the [envelope item types](/sdk/envelopes/#data-model), they are not identical, and have slight differences.
```

As stated earlier, SDKs can ignore the `scope` dimension. These definitions are here as a suplement to explain what the `X-Sentry-Rate-Limits` header is made of.

- **Category:** Classifies the type of data that is being counted. Arbitrary categories can be added as long as they can be inferred from the event or data being ingested. 

> While these [data categories](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/master/relay-common/src/constants.rs#L97-L115) might look similar to the [envelope item types](/sdk/envelopes/#data-model) be aware that they don't map 100% to these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While these [data categories](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/master/relay-common/src/constants.rs#L97-L115) might look similar to the [envelope item types](/sdk/envelopes/#data-model), they are not identical, and have slight differences.
```
